1) Compile all .java files. The main method is in the 'Marketplace.java'. When this class is run the program will start.
2) Jane - Submitted Report on Brightspace. Jai - Submitted Vocareum workspace.
3) a) Marketplace.java - This class contains the main method and other methods that deal with running the program, getting user input, and creating objects/instances of other classes. Each method in this class was tested individually, and we worked together to try to debug the main method in the class. Since the main method is large and complicated, we ran through it multiple times and manually debugged everything that we could. This class relates to every other class because it contains the main method and thus needs to, either directly or indirectly, access all functionality.

   b) User.java - This class deals with user objects. These objects can be either a buyer or the seller, and the methods within this class are meant to be used by one or the other. This class also includes shopping cart methods, as a shopping cart is something that can be accessed by a buyer/customer. This method deals a lot with file I/O, because this is where user persistance and shopping cart persistance is handled. As for other class interactions, it uses Product.java objects a lot, given that buyers can purchase product objects and sellers can create/edit/delete them. There are JUnit tests for the methods in this class

c) Tests.java – This class has JUnits tests to test other classes/methods. Since this is the class that tests, it was manually checked to ensure that it works properly. 

d) Product.java – This class deals with product objects. The class is used a lot in the User.java class since buyers/sellers need to be able to access products and their info. There are a variety of methods that deal with product objects in this class that are used in the User.java class. Junit testing was done to make sure that methods in this class work as intended. 

e) UserNotFoundException.java – This class is an exception that can be thrown if a user is not found in any method where a user is expected to be found. It should be used with a string message that is common to the general Exception class (super.message). 
